Expose `--ildump` via MSBuild property (#8126)
dotnet/corert: Documentation/using-corert/troubleshooting-corert.md

* `<IlcGenerateDgmlFile>true</IlcGenerateDgmlFile>`: Generates log files `ProjectName.codegen.dgml.xml` and `ProjectName.scan.dgml.xml` in DGML format.
* `<IlcGenerateMapFile>true</IlcGenerateMapFile>`: Generates log files `ProjectName.map.xml` which describe layout of objects how CoreRT sees them.
* `<IlcSingleThreaded>true</IlcSingleThreaded>`: Perform compilation on single thread.

> * `<IlcDumpIL>true</IlcDumpIL>`: Dump final IL after generatoin in the file `ProjectName.il`. This can be helpful when debugging IL transformation, like marshalling for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<IlcDumpGeneratedIL>true</IlcDumpGeneratedIL>`: Dump IL for method bodies the compiler generated on the fly into `ProjectName.il`. This can be helpful when debugging IL generation - e.g. marshalling. The compiler maps debug information to this file, so it's possible to step in it and set breakpoints.
```
